campaign-pr.md, before:

---
title: Democratic Socialists of America Secure "Uncommitted" Delegates Across New Jersey for Justice in Palestine and a Permanent Ceasefire Now
permalink: "/campaign-launch-press-release"
description: Press release for the Uncommitted NJ Campaign, Tuesday March 26th, 2024
layout: default
image: /assets/vote-uncommitted-pa.jpg
---
Democratic Socialists of America Secure "Uncommitted" Delegates Across New Jersey for Justice in Palestine and a Permanent Ceasefire Now   
===

Contact: Uncommitted NJ Campaign
[press@uncommittednj.org](mailto:press@uncommittednj.org)
[201-844-8633](tel:+12018448633)
 

**Trenton, NJ** — Amidst mounting global concern over the harrowing atrocities
committed against the Palestinian people, in a bold and resolute move, the
Democratic Socialists of America (DSA) submitted today 48 delegates from across
the state running"Uncommitted" on the ballot in New Jersey for the upcoming
primary election on June 4th.

The Biden administration's unwavering complicity in Israel’s bombardment of Gaza
has deeply troubled advocates for human rights and justice. The refusal of the
Biden administration to call for a permanent ceasefire in Gaza, despite
two-thirds of voters' support, has severely undercut Biden’s chances of winning
reelection this fall. After hundreds of thousands of voters across the country
have already uncommitted to genocide starting in Michigan,  New Jersey’s 3 DSA
chapters are joining the movement to pressure Biden to change course in the face
of injustice.

“The inclusion of the "Uncommitted" option on the ballot serves as not just a
powerful statement of dissent but a testament to our unwavering commitment to
principles of justice, equity, and human dignity,” Mia Matthews, member of the
Uncommitted NJ Campaign said. “It measures the power of ordinary New Jersey
working people to refuse and uncommit to genocide and oppression.”

Made possible by the tireless efforts of grassroots organizers, activists, and
allies, DSA affirms their commitment to fighting for a permanent ceasefire, an
end to U.S. funding of Israel’s war machine, and toward the liberation of
Palestine. 

###

Democratic Socialists of America (DSA) is the largest socialist organization in
the United States. DSA is building a working class movement from the bottom-up,
establishing a democratic socialist presence from the workplace to our
neighborhoods and broader society.

**For more information about NJDSA, please visit: [dsanj.org](https://dsanj.org)**

Commit message:

adding dsa logo to pr page

campaign-pr.md, after:

---
title: Democratic Socialists of America Secure "Uncommitted" Delegates Across New Jersey for Justice in Palestine and a Permanent Ceasefire Now
permalink: "/campaign-launch-press-release"
description: Press release for the Uncommitted NJ Campaign, Tuesday March 26th, 2024
layout: default
image: /assets/vote-uncommitted-pa.jpg
---
Democratic Socialists of America Secure "Uncommitted" Delegates Across New Jersey for Justice in Palestine and a Permanent Ceasefire Now   
===

![Red image of the DSA logo: a rose with a black and a white hand shaking
underneath](assets/dsalogo.png)

Contact: Uncommitted NJ Campaign
[press@uncommittednj.org](mailto:press@uncommittednj.org)
[201-844-8633](tel:+12018448633)
 

**Trenton, NJ** — Amidst mounting global concern over the harrowing atrocities
committed against the Palestinian people, in a bold and resolute move, the
Democratic Socialists of America (DSA) submitted today 48 delegates from across
the state running"Uncommitted" on the ballot in New Jersey for the upcoming
primary election on June 4th.

The Biden administration's unwavering complicity in Israel’s bombardment of Gaza
has deeply troubled advocates for human rights and justice. The refusal of the
Biden administration to call for a permanent ceasefire in Gaza, despite
two-thirds of voters' support, has severely undercut Biden’s chances of winning
reelection this fall. After hundreds of thousands of voters across the country
have already uncommitted to genocide starting in Michigan,  New Jersey’s 3 DSA
chapters are joining the movement to pressure Biden to change course in the face
of injustice.

“The inclusion of the "Uncommitted" option on the ballot serves as not just a
powerful statement of dissent but a testament to our unwavering commitment to
principles of justice, equity, and human dignity,” Mia Matthews, member of the
Uncommitted NJ Campaign said. “It measures the power of ordinary New Jersey
working people to refuse and uncommit to genocide and oppression.”

Made possible by the tireless efforts of grassroots organizers, activists, and
allies, DSA affirms their commitment to fighting for a permanent ceasefire, an
end to U.S. funding of Israel’s war machine, and toward the liberation of
Palestine. 

###

Democratic Socialists of America (DSA) is the largest socialist organization in
the United States. DSA is building a working class movement from the bottom-up,
establishing a democratic socialist presence from the workplace to our
neighborhoods and broader society.

**For more information about NJDSA, please visit: [dsanj.org](https://dsanj.org)**
