---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
permalink: "/faq"
description: Answers to common questions about No Votes for Genocide.
layout: default
image: /assets/vote-uncommitted-pa.jpg
---

# Frequently Asked Questions

{{ page.description }}

## What separates your campaign from others?

Our campaign intends to use what remains of our electoral leverage to elicit an
arms embargo from the Biden administration by positioning ourselves as
moveable. Our petition states that if the Biden administration delivers an arms
embargo prior to Nov. 5th, the Harris campaign can earn our votes. We believe
that our position as moveable incentivizes the administration to respond to us
rather than discount us as unwinnable.

## Why include down-ballot candidates? What about Democrats like Rashida Tlaib? 

We believe that the entirety of the Democratic Party is complicit in this
genocide and that there are concessions to be extracted at the national,
statewide, and local levels on the issue of Palestine whether it be
Congressional votes on funding or local auctions of Palestinian land in Zionist
communities. Leveraging our votes down-ballot increases the likelihood of a
response from Democratic Party members. We encourage anyone who supports this
campaign to use their best judgement when considering voting for Democratic
Party candidates who have been supportive of the Palestinian cause.  

## I’m in a swing state and I worry that a Trump presidency will be worse. Isn’t your campaign just helping Trump win? 

We understand and acknowledge the threat of a Trump presidency for our
communities here. We also feel that if we endorse the Democratic Party as it
continues to commit genocide, we relinquish our morality and our ability to
organize an effective left coalition. The Harris campaign has continued to move
right on Israel and global imperialism, declaring a desire for our military to
be the “most lethal” in the world, as well as right on issues like immigration,
policing, and the environment. If we continue to reward the Democratic Party
for shifting right at the expense of working class interests and the
livelihoods of those subject to American imperialism, we will never see
progress or build a meaningful alternative. We encourage you to visit our
homepage and look at our interactive map to find the statewide No Votes for
Genocide campaigns happening in your swing state. We believe that the swing
states understand their political and strategic compositions best and respect
any differences in our campaigns.


## What about the marginalized people (Muslim, Black, Hispanic, Queer) who will be vulnerable if Trump is office? 

Other marginalized people in this country have been experiencing unimaginable
levels of violence and oppression whether there is a Democrat or a Republican
in office. This is our chance to build power together and fight back against
oppression no matter who is in the White House.

## How can I get involved?

[Take our pledge](https://volunteeruncommittednj.carrd.co) and commit to
sharing it with three people you know. Visit our [Relational
Toolkit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kBVWczC3ucztdEnJ23zw-UUi-arTRHGoBSR4x7jaF2E/edit?tab=t.0)
for advice on how to have organizing conversations in your community.
