press.md, before:

---
title: Uncommitted NJ Campaign Press Coverage 
permalink: "/press-coverage"
description: Uncommitted NJ is making a splash in the news. 
layout: default
date: 2024-04-02
image: /assets/voteuncommittednj.jpg
---
Press Coverage
===
- Left Reckoning [Vote No On Joe
  Biden?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAY0eeVScg8&t=1550s) (April 23rd,
2024)

<iframe width="683" height="384" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/AAY0eeVScg8" title="LR 166 - Vote No On Joe Biden?" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

- NorthJersey.com: [In NJ, a push to vote ‘uncommitted’ to protest Biden support
  for war in
Gaza](https://www.northjersey.com/story/news/politics/elections/2024/04/17/what-is-uncommitted-vote-nj-protest-biden-gaza-primary/73295585007/)
(April 17th, 2024)

<iframe title="NORTHJERSEY-Embed Player" width="540" height="350" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" allowfullscreen="true" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0" src="https://uw-media.northjersey.com/embed/video/73346481007?placement=snow-embed"></iframe>

- This is Revolution Podcast: [Solidarity Against the Genocide in Gaza ft. Vote
  Uncommitted NJ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yO-ByrPpWQs) (April 13th 2024)

<iframe width="683" height="384" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/yO-ByrPpWQs" title="Solidarity Against the Genocide in Gaza ft. Vote Uncommitted NJ" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

- NJ Spotlight News: [Advocates push NJ Democrats to vote ‘uncommitted’ in
  protest of Gaza
war](https://www.njspotlightnews.org/video/advocates-push-nj-democrats-to-vote-uncommitted-in-protest-of-gaza-war/)
(April 9th, 2024)

<iframe width="683" height="384" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ccMUo_cKt8w" title="Pushing NJ Dems to vote ‘uncommitted’ in protest of Gaza war" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

- New Jersey Monitor:
['Uncommitted' movement to press Biden on Gaza lands in New
Jersey](https://newjerseymonitor.com/2024/04/03/uncommitted-movement-to-press-biden-on-gaza-lands-in-new-jersey/)
(April 3rd, 2024)
- Socialist Call [New Jersey Can Finish the “Uncommitted” Protest Vote That
  Michigan
Started](https://socialistcall.com/2024/04/01/new-jersey-uncommitted-campaign-dsa-biden/)
(April 1st, 2024)
- The New York Times: [Angry over Gaza, Democratic Activists in New Jersey
encourage 'uncommitted'
vote.](https://www.nytimes.com/live/2024/03/31/us/trump-biden-election#uncommitted-biden-gaza)
(March 31st, 2024)
- Politico's New Jersey Playbook: [Gaza protestors find their way onto the N.J.
ballot](https://www.politico.com/newsletters/new-jersey-playbook/2024/03/27/gaza-protesters-find-their-way-onto-the-n-j-ballot-00149251)
(March 27th, 2024)
- Insider NJ: [Vietnam 1968 Gaza
  2024?](https://www.insidernj.com/vietnam-1968-gaza-2024/) (March 18th, 2024)

Press Releases
===
Below is a list of our Press Releases

- [Vote Uncommitted NJ Defies Anti-Democratic Practices, Securing Ballot Access
  Statewide](../secured-ballot-access-press-release) (April 17th, 2024)
- [Letter to Director Barber](../letter-to-director-barber) (April 10th, 2024)
- [Democratic Socialists of America Secure “Uncommitted” Delegates Across New
Jersey for Justice in Palestine and a Permanent Ceasefire
Now](https://uncommittednj.org/campaign-launch-press-release) (April 1st, 2024)

Contact
===
Email: [press@uncommitted.org](mailto:press@uncommitted.org)

Call or Text: [201-844-8633](tel:+12018448633)

[Press Request Form](https://airtable.com/appQ99lbfMvsb6Gab/shrZ1QwuHocFobmUm)

## Social Media
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61557751538139&mibextid=PlNXYD)

[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/uncommittednj)

[TikTok](https://www.tiktok.com/@uncommittednj)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/uncommittednj)

Commit message:

Add April 27th press release

press.md, after:

---
title: Uncommitted NJ Campaign Press Coverage 
permalink: "/press-coverage"
description: Uncommitted NJ is making a splash in the news. 
layout: default
date: 2024-04-02
image: /assets/voteuncommittednj.jpg
---
Press Coverage
===
- Left Reckoning [Vote No On Joe
  Biden?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAY0eeVScg8&t=1550s) (April 23rd,
2024)

<iframe width="683" height="384" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/AAY0eeVScg8" title="LR 166 - Vote No On Joe Biden?" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

- NorthJersey.com: [In NJ, a push to vote ‘uncommitted’ to protest Biden support
  for war in
Gaza](https://www.northjersey.com/story/news/politics/elections/2024/04/17/what-is-uncommitted-vote-nj-protest-biden-gaza-primary/73295585007/)
(April 17th, 2024)

<iframe title="NORTHJERSEY-Embed Player" width="540" height="350" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" allowfullscreen="true" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0" src="https://uw-media.northjersey.com/embed/video/73346481007?placement=snow-embed"></iframe>

- This is Revolution Podcast: [Solidarity Against the Genocide in Gaza ft. Vote
  Uncommitted NJ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yO-ByrPpWQs) (April 13th 2024)

<iframe width="683" height="384" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/yO-ByrPpWQs" title="Solidarity Against the Genocide in Gaza ft. Vote Uncommitted NJ" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

- NJ Spotlight News: [Advocates push NJ Democrats to vote ‘uncommitted’ in
  protest of Gaza
war](https://www.njspotlightnews.org/video/advocates-push-nj-democrats-to-vote-uncommitted-in-protest-of-gaza-war/)
(April 9th, 2024)

<iframe width="683" height="384" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/ccMUo_cKt8w" title="Pushing NJ Dems to vote ‘uncommitted’ in protest of Gaza war" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>

- New Jersey Monitor:
['Uncommitted' movement to press Biden on Gaza lands in New
Jersey](https://newjerseymonitor.com/2024/04/03/uncommitted-movement-to-press-biden-on-gaza-lands-in-new-jersey/)
(April 3rd, 2024)
- Socialist Call [New Jersey Can Finish the “Uncommitted” Protest Vote That
  Michigan
Started](https://socialistcall.com/2024/04/01/new-jersey-uncommitted-campaign-dsa-biden/)
(April 1st, 2024)
- The New York Times: [Angry over Gaza, Democratic Activists in New Jersey
encourage 'uncommitted'
vote.](https://www.nytimes.com/live/2024/03/31/us/trump-biden-election#uncommitted-biden-gaza)
(March 31st, 2024)
- Politico's New Jersey Playbook: [Gaza protestors find their way onto the N.J.
ballot](https://www.politico.com/newsletters/new-jersey-playbook/2024/03/27/gaza-protesters-find-their-way-onto-the-n-j-ballot-00149251)
(March 27th, 2024)
- Insider NJ: [Vietnam 1968 Gaza
  2024?](https://www.insidernj.com/vietnam-1968-gaza-2024/) (March 18th, 2024)

Press Releases
===
Below is a list of our Press Releases

- [Vote Uncommitted NJ Condemns the Violent Policing of Princeton and other
University Protests](https://uncommittednj.org/protest-repression-press-release) (April 27th, 2024)
- [Vote Uncommitted NJ Defies Anti-Democratic Practices, Securing Ballot Access
  Statewide](../secured-ballot-access-press-release) (April 17th, 2024)
- [Letter to Director Barber](../letter-to-director-barber) (April 10th, 2024)
- [Democratic Socialists of America Secure “Uncommitted” Delegates Across New
Jersey for Justice in Palestine and a Permanent Ceasefire
Now](https://uncommittednj.org/campaign-launch-press-release) (April 1st, 2024)

Contact
===
Email: [press@uncommitted.org](mailto:press@uncommitted.org)

Call or Text: [201-844-8633](tel:+12018448633)

[Press Request Form](https://airtable.com/appQ99lbfMvsb6Gab/shrZ1QwuHocFobmUm)

## Social Media
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61557751538139&mibextid=PlNXYD)

[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/uncommittednj)

[TikTok](https://www.tiktok.com/@uncommittednj)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/uncommittednj)
