---
title: Vote Uncommitted NJ Demands Biden to Step Aside Amidst Continued Genocide of the Palestinian People
permalink: "/biden-step-aside-press-release"
description: Press release following the 1st Presidential Debate of the 2024 election, Saturday June 29, 2024
layout: post
image: /assets/uncommitted.png
author: Uncommitted NJ
email: press@uncommitted.org
phone: (201) 844-8633
---

**Trenton, NJ** — As the great civil rights leader Martin Luther King, Jr. said
in 1967, amidst the Vietnam War and after rejecting alignment with the
Democratic party, “A nation that continues year after year to spend more money
on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual
death.”

The Uncommitted NJ movement stands with our national allies in our call for
Genocide Joe Biden to step down from seeking the Democratic Party’s nomination
for President. We demand that the Democratic National Committee move to an open
convention and allow a truly democratic process where elected Uncommitted
delegates, who represent the working class against genocide, can equally
participate. We explicitly connect ourselves to the just tradition of American
heroes who unflinchingly call out the U.S.’s brutal and oppressive foreign
policy because it perpetuates the genocide in Palestine and in many other
countries around the world for the benefit of capitalists.

A putrid display of racism, the recent presidential debate between landlord
turned racist TV celebrity, Donald Trump, and Joseph Biden, close friend of
segregationists like Strom Thurmond leads us to redouble our demand that Biden
step down as the Democratic nominee for president. Both candidates spoke with
fascist contempt for Palestinians. Trump, at one point, insisted that Biden was
a “bad Palestinian”, and that Israel should be allowed to “finish” the job in
Gaza, a blood curdling statement for anyone with a beating pulse. Genocide Joe
didn’t even condemn these comments, and instead, defended his existing
genocidal policy which protects and perpetuates Israel’s atrocities against the
Palestinian people.

Biden is fundraising and hamming it up with members of the Democratic
establishment today in New Jersey at Gov. Murphy’s private residence in Red
Bank. Phil Murphy, who himself rarely speaks out about any of the Palestinian
lives taken by Israel’s genocide, represents the modern day example of what
King and other progressives condemned as capitalist warmongers. We realize that
the fight for democracy, progressive values, economic and social justice for
all cannot be achieved without challenging the hold on our politics by both
major political parties, including those like Murphy, who profess to be
progressive, while openly supporting Biden and ignoring working class people’s
call for a new Democratic candidate for president that does not and will not
assist in genocide.

Our mission is to keep fighting for a free Palestinian state. We have developed
a grassroots anti-war movement of working class people that can not only end
the U.S. support for Zionist oppression of the Palestinians but bring about a
new set of politics that can upend the system. We demand a new set of truly
progressive politics that ends the genocide in Palestine, wins universal
housing and healthcare everywhere, cultivates an anti-capitalist labor movement
for social justice and socialism, and creates a world in which climate change
actually be addressed, so that we can sustain life rather than continuing to
push working class and poor people across the world into death and forced
migration. Biden must cede to the will of the people by stepping back from
being the presidential nominee, and face the consequences of a working class,
united, for a free Palestine.

Free, Free Palestine!

---

**For more information about Uncommitted NJ, please visit:**
[uncommittednj.org](https://uncommittednj.org)
