---
title: Vote Uncommitted NJ Celebrates the Removal of Joseph “Butcher of Gaza” Biden; Demands Democrats End Funding of Israel
permalink: "/bye-biden"
description: Arms Embargo NOW
layout: post
image: /assets/uncommitted-square.jpg
author: Uncommitted NJ
email: press@uncommittednj.org
phone: (201) 844-8633
---

**Trenton, NJ** -- Today marks a bittersweet moment in U.S. history. As
President Biden formally steps down from running for a second term, Uncommitted
New Jersey rejoices. Biden has been nothing short of a mass murderer through his
support of the apartheid regime in Israel and its slaughter of Palestinians.
Since last October, Biden has done everything the far-right Netanyahu regime
wanted, from sending over bombs that devastated entire neighborhoods, to
preventing sanctions on the Israeli government as it invades and targets refugee
camps, schools, hospitals, and anywhere that Palestinian life persists.

However, Biden’s stepping down doesn’t bring back what is now estimated to be
over 186,000 Palestinians who’ve perished since last October from direct Israeli
attacks, a serious lack of basic medical care, and starvation. It is our hope
that the Biden and Netanyahu administrations will be tried and condemned at the
international war tribunals court.

It’s evident that the waves of protests first organized by Palestinians, Arab
and Muslim Americans, and our Jewish allies nationwide, as well as the
Uncommitted movement, have played a significant role in Biden’s decision to drop
out. A significant portion of Democratic voters turned out to express their
support for Palestine and their condemnation of the Biden administration’s
handling of the so-called war. Such efforts in the Garden State were made
possible by a dedicated core of volunteers from the various state chapters of
the Democratic Socialists of America, and various other organizations and
communities in areas such as Paterson, Jersey City, Edison and New Brunswick.

Our movement will continue to agitate for a complete end of U.S. support for
Israel at the DNC. Our struggle is not complete until all ties with Israel have
ended and a single-state solution of a secular democratic Palestine is
established. As a movement, we are committed to organizing around Palestine in
our state to demand local officials commit to Palestinian liberation. If you are
interested in fighting for an end to American imperialism, please join us.

Free, free Palestine!
