---
title: In the Face of a Right-Wing Sweep, the Fight for a Free Palestine Continues
permalink: "/fight-for-palestine"
description: Press release from NVFG calling on the community to keep fighting
layout: post
image: /assets/nvfg-postcard.png
author: No Votes For Genocide
email: press@uncommittednj.org
phone: (201) 844-8633
---

As we gathered yesterday to vote and watch election results come in, [Israel formalized plans to settle in North Gaza](https://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/2024-11-06/ty-article/.premium/idfs-destruction-of-northern-gaza-reveals-the-governments-plan-were-here-to-stay/00000192-fe33-db72-a3d7-fe3fc7e10000), declaring that no food will enter and that no civilians remain despite the thousands of Palestinians living there who have spent a month waiting for any humanitarian aid. With one of two genocidal candidates primed to win the White House, and one of two genocidal parties primed to win Congress, there never was a “lesser evil.”

We began this movement because we aimed  to force the Democratic Party to listen to the popular demands of its base and finally deliver an arms embargo and permanent ceasefire, or risk losing in the general election. Instead, they arrogantly dismissed our movement and spit in the faces of a myriad of comrades who made similar demands of Democrats for policy change on issues like climate justice and immigration.

We won’t hold our breath and expect them to take the correct lessons to heart - the past year of unconditional support for genocide has shown they are fully committed to protecting the undemocratic, oligarchic, imperialist status quo. The Democratic party has no one to blame but themselves for their failure in this election.

In the face of a Trump presidency and Republican congress, our commitments and values remain unchanged. We will continue to organize the multiracial, working class networks of solidarity that have been built in the past year, and we will look to the courage and spirit of the Palestinian resistance for inspiration. We will continue fighting for a free Palestine in our lifetime, without compromising our commitment to complete liberation.

Today is not the end. We thank everyone who has supported this movement. Now is the time to continue the struggle to help build a real, independent political alternative to work in tandem with the Palestinian resistance and a global movement of solidarity to win a liberated Palestine, from the river to the sea.


---

[No Votes for Genocide](https://novotesforgenocide.org/) is a national coalition campaign demanding and arms embargo and an end to the genocide in Gaza.
